## Literature

I love reading, and the classics I’ve read over the years have had a profound impact on my understanding of the world. Literature has given me a more holistic and empathetic worldview, enriching and broadening my perspective on human nature and society. Books offer me a passage into entirely different worlds, allowing me to relive the joys and the sorrows of those who have lived vastly different lives from me across ages, cultures, and distances. They transcend the boundaries of time and space, bridging the gap between my world and the countless human experiences that have come before and will continue long after me.

I am also perpetually moved by the enduring magic of human language - the way mere words can hold so much power and influence minds long after their authors have passed away, from crafting vivid and immersive worlds, addressing timeless questions about life and the human condition, to rebuilding memories and emotions from a long-gone past. Beyond this, I believe books serve as vessels for the minds and souls of many who came before us. They preserve the consciousness of past generations and pass it forward to posterity, perpetuating the development and evolution of humankind not only in knowledge but also in spirit, allowing writers to live on through their works. Some of my favorite authors across genres and eras include Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Alexandre Dumas, J.R.R. Tolkien, William Shakespeare, Edgar Allan Poe, Agatha Christie, and Astrid Lindgren, among many others.
