## Philosophy

Alongside mathematics, I believe philosophy is one of the most foundational fields of human inquiry. It teaches us how to think, and thus influences how we approach everything else. As a kid, I was left completely awestruck by the seemingly magical fact that something as material as the brain can give rise to something as enigmatic and (seemingly) immaterial as consciousness. It is equally wondrous to think about how anything even exists at all, and how it all started, if there was ever a beginning in the first place. Given this brief and singular experience of consciousness, I feel a deep desire to dedicate my life to continuously refining my way of thinking and my understanding of the world - so that I might live this lifetime more meaningfully and with more clarity and purpose.

Areas that I resonate with the most are metaphysics and ethics. Metaphysics was the first branch to captivate me, as it confronts the most fundamental questions about reality, from time, causality, existence, to the nature of the self. All of these were among the very first questions that sparked my philosophical curiosity in my childhood, as they stirred in me a sense of wonder at the sheer strangeness and contingency of existence itself. Ethics, on the other hand, speaks to my desire to truly put thought into how I want to live, and how I view the actions of others. It pushes me to consider not just what is true, but what is right - how to live a good life, how to be just and compassionate, and how to respond thoughtfully and responsibly to the world around me. Together, these two branches grapple with the concepts that I am most concerned with in philosophy, and form the foundation of my outlook on life: lifelong learning through the pursuit of understanding what is, and personal growth through the search for the best way to live. Ultimately, philosophy, to me, is a pursuit of both truth and meaning, reminding me to keep striving for something beyond mere survival - a way of thinking deeply so that we might live more fully.

Out of the philosophers that I've read, I've found myself identifying the most with the ideas of **Immanuel Kant** and **Martin Heidegger**.
