## Physics and Astronomy

Astronomy was the first subject that captured my interest when I was very little. I can't help but be mesmerized by the endless mysteries and the sheer grandeur of the universe - the idea that all of humanity is just a speck of dust in the vastness beyond. I was drawn not only to the scientific mysteries of astronomy but also to the philosophical questions associated with space exploration and the otherwordly, almost poetic Lovecraftian grandeur of cosmic phenomena. I remember asking my dad about the nature of the universe as I struggled to grasp the idea of infinity, "If you keep going, eventually, you would reach the end of anything, even if it was the universe. But what is *beyond* "the end"?" The question echoed in my mind for years, and it was the first of a series of apparent paradoxes that made the universe feel both overwhelming and beautiful. This wonder drove me to delve into many resources to explore the enigma that is the universe.

On a grander scale, I am intrigued by the way the world works. Natural phenomena enchanted me and naturally drew me to physics, the science that grapples with the fundamental laws governing nature itself. I was especially captivated by modern physics, as it challenges our very common-sense understanding of the physical world and even reality. It pushes us to grapple with the most fundamental questions, from the nature of space and time, the fabric of reality, to whether we are even capable of fully comprehending the universe we inhabit. That blend of pushing the boundaries of knowledge while embracing the unknown challenges my mind and keeps me completely hooked.